Welcome To Café Mitra

Since 2002, Café Mitra has been one of Kathmandu’s favourite eateries. This intimate café offers a refreshingly accomplished cosmopolitan cuisine without being yet another copycat con-fusion restaurant. It also has a sophisticated range of wines, spirits, cocktails & mocktails on its well chosen menu. 

Since 2005, Déra Mitra has four guestrooms to allow you the luxury to process your sometimes overwhelming local experiences in comfort, perhaps even style.

RECOMMENDED ON TripAdvisor TripAdvisor
Cafe Mitra



Epic Cafe is open from 6 AM to 6 PM every day except Mondays.


Private Parties

Café Mitra’s dining room can be privately reserved Mondays to Thursdays for 8-12 people for intimate dinners and special occasions. Outdoor dining space for parties – up to 24 people – is also available subject to weather. Just call, email or drop in to visit us.

RESERVATIONS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED

NEW PHONE NUMBER!!!
977 1 425 63 36
cafemitra [dot] kathmandu [at] gmail [dot] com http://www.cafemitra.com

Just step into the same compound in Thamel, but carry on walking into the gravelled back garden, past the fish pond, onto the stone-paved patio and into the tiniest dining room you have ever seen. 

Your epicurious journey has just started. AND you will pray it never ends.

DIRECTIONS
Go past the Garden of Dreams, parked rickshaws, newly-painted zebra crossings, and when you reach Narsing Chowk, take a smart left and carry on beyond the Sandwich Point for 45 seconds (if driving) or 90 seconds (if walking). Look to your left. Next to the shell of a new building you will see a gateway with CAFÉ MITRA emblazoned on it.

PARKING
Green Line compound, Sanchaya Kosh Building or, if the traffic cops are not being extra vigilant, right on Café Mitra street. OR take right after Mitra, and another right, and park in front of JP High School.

Please contact us for further details.

AND...
Thank you, Jean Robert Opgenort. 
Who could have foretold that your truncated research into the dying Tilung language in monsoon-wet, culinary-challenged East Nepal would culminate in your designing this amazing - and timely - website?
May you be the father of a thousand brave sons! (A traditionall Nepali blessing.)

